Add builtin erc7201 (#15968)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.35 (unreleased)

Language Features:
 * Constant Evaluator: Introduced support for string literals.

>  * General: Added new built-in `erc7201` that computes a location from an arbitrary string identifier.

Reviewer: I'd omit the one about constant evaluator. It has no user-observable consequences, because you cannot do anything with such a literal other than pass it in to a built-in accepting strings and `erc7201()` is the only one for now.

The other one I'd reword to put more emphasis on what it does rather than on syntax:

```suggestion
 * General: Add a builtin that computes the base slot of a storage namespace using the `erc7201` formula from ERC-7201.
```
